Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. The dollar rising after
another record close in Wall Street. You
have traders across the world awaiting
really this parade of economic data
coming through, earnings as well from
some of the world's most valuable firms.
Investors also cheering the talks
between Washington and Beijing in Sweden
with Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnik
saying a 90-day tariff truce extension
is the most likely outcome.
>> And you have Thailand and Cambodia
agreeing to end 5 days of fighting after
President Trump threatened to withhold
trade deals.
[Music]
Good Tuesday morning. Welcome to the
show. It's red across your screens. If
you're outside in Hong Kong walking in,
it is a red rainstorm warning as well.
Uh coming into this Tuesday morning, uh
610 of 1% is the early damage across the
benchmark. Keep in mind we're coming off
successive weeks of a fairly decent run
in a momentum going into this week. Uh
the yen, well not the yen, the topics
index is down about 9 cents to 1%. The
costby index was down by much much more
in fact earlier uh earlier on which was
leading I think some of the clients and
as you can see it's clearly come off the
lows of the session. US futures bottom
of the screens uh are seeing a bit of a
bounce right now. Uh we're looking at
this big move in the dollar on Monday,
less so right now, but certainly when
this next board comes up, you'll be
wondering why we're trading at these
levels for uh several exchange rates.
For one, I think at 718 on the on dollar
China, you have the Aussie, of course,
which did see a significant drop. It did
bounce though off that 50-day moving
average. the weekly resistance we you
just saw I think on your screens right
now on dollar yen$14963
if I remember correctly that's the
weekly top in terms of your I think
that's a 200 day moving average as far
as that's concerned oil speaking of
something that's been on the way up
oil's back above 70 I'm talking about
Brent West Texas on your screens coming
shortly uh Fidelity I think has a call
on gold at 4,000 that's coming up
shortly there we go 4,000 is possible on
the back of some of the macro
assumptions bottom of the screens there
uh going into the China open today we're
looking at things like turnover. Uh it's
there's one other metric that we haven't
really revisited in a long time, but
more so now. Margin debt is actually
extremely close now to topping the highs
that we saw this year. Beyond that,
we're back to 2015 levels. And I think
something special happened uh in both
ways, both directions of course that
year. But yeah, uh we're going into the
open trade. Uh markets are consolidating
>> as you mentioned about the dollar,
right? This sort of brief sort of short
squeeze maybe you can call it. But it's
interesting, right? Stan Charles Steven
talked about the fact that we now now
have this EU US trade deal. Perhaps that
is the end of this run of good trade
news that we're going to get. That's why
we're seeing sentiment cooling here and
maybe that's going to meet continue to
maybe not weaken the dollar anymore,
right? Could perhaps we're getting to
the end of that kind of weakness in the
dollar and any sort of surprise dovage
of the Fed that might be the only next
catalyst in the near term, they say.
>> Yeah. And you know, to your point we
were making yesterday, right, the Fed's
a big one to watch this week and
certainly how the voting's going to turn
out and whether that that's going to
become a uh sort of them putting out
their calls on not the economy, but like
almost like a job audition, right, for
>> they said even he Stephen said it's not
ironclad the case for cuts right now.
It's there's reason, but maybe not
something too set in stone.
>> Well, it's it's certainly one thing that
we'll be tracking going into today. In
fact, Alexis Crow, the chief economist
at PWC, will be joining us uh this time
in the next hour. Other things we're
tracking, we talked about the dollar uh
within the Chinese markets, uh childcare
subsidies, of course. So, we're looking
at everything from consumption. Does it
benefit the birth rate or does it
benefit initially consumption is the
other question that's being put out
there after they rolled out the detailed
stimulus, detailed annual subsidies to
be more.
>> It seems to be more the the consumption
side maybe, right? Because you talk
about all these structural things that
are dealing with the declining birth
rate. when you're talking about $500 a
year per child under the age of three,
not sure if that's really going to get
people to start making babies, right? So
certainly that's one thing to watch. But
then again, you know, you got to talk
about it's one of the rare sort of signs
of stimulus apart from what we saw maybe
a few months ago in terms of cash
handouts, right, that we're seeing for
for the first time in a while. So maybe
there's more there than than we tal
we're were talking about.
>> Yeah. Okay. So we'll see what markets
think about that. In fact, I think he
did already get somewhat of a reaction
towards the close in the entr markets
yesterday. The floods of course in
Beijing. We'll get you an update on
that. Certainly, we do have now
unfortunately a casualty count coming
through. Uh more on that story uh in a
moment. But yeah, apart from that, we're
looking at uh a fairly quiet session
across equity markets, 310 of 1% to the
downside going into further talks in
Sweden.
>> Yep. Day two in Stockholm and we did
speak and heard did hear actually from
the US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnik.
He's saying that President Trump will
decide if Washington and Beijing will
extend their trade truce by 90 days.
Now, Lutnik told Fox News an extension
is likely.
>> They're talking right now, but the
decision maker, of course, is President
Trump. I'm sure uh the people with uh
who are speaking with China are going to
go discuss with President Trump how he
wants to play it. He's got an excellent
relationship with President Xi and I
think we'll leave that to Donald Trump
to decide how he wants to do it. Is that
a likely outcome? Sure. It seems that
way, but let's leave it to President
Trump to decide.
>> Let's bring in our China correspondent,
Mim Low, and talk about the first day
and what really came out of it. Seems
like sentiment is still looking pretty
positive.
>> Yeah, but expectations still quite low.
I mean, it's basically going to be
status quo and right now Howard Lutnik
saying that we are likely going to see
this trade truce extending by 90 days,
basically giving both sides a longer
runway to work out the details of a more
comprehensive trade deal. And bear in
mind, President C and Trump are hoping
to meet later this year. And given how
Trump loves his showmanship, it's
possible that both sides might leave the
details of a big win to be announced by
the uh top leaders themselves further
down the road. If they do get to an
agreement above and beyond their trade
truths, that will be very welcomed by
investors. Of course, a lot on the table
from Chinese purchases of oil, from uh
san uh from Russia and Iran to, you
know, the lowering of fentinel tariffs.
uh Howard Lightning mentioned wanting
China to commit to purchasing a certain
amount of agricultural goods. They also
want the flow of rare earths to continue
as well. Um and the over capacity
issues. But it looks like the US right
now is also playing it very safe. We
heard uh we saw reporting from the FT
for example that the commerce department
has received instructions to freeze some
of these export controls that could
potentially derail talk. So it looks
like, you know, they're really being
very careful to ensure that nothing
would uh derail the potential meeting
between the two leaders.
>> Speaking of something that possibly is
derailed, what do we know about the
Taiwan president's trip that is
reportedly being cancelled because of
trade talks?
>> Yes. So the Taiwan president Linda was
supposed to visit some South and Central
American countries with a stopover in
New York and in Dallas as well. But uh
we reported earlier that the US was
mulling cancelling this trip. Uh and the
FT now confirms based on their sources
that the US has canled that trip uh
likely because of the sensitive timing
here uh while the trade talk with China
is going on. Of course, we know Beijing
has always been opposed to even any
informal exchanges between Taiwanese
officials and US ones. And if this trip
were to happen, it would have been
President Li's first trip to continental
US as the president. is also of course
coming as Taiwan is also hoping to reach
a trade deal with the US to lower
tariffs uh which is now standing at 32%.
So again it looks like people are all
walking on eggshells and to ensure that
the trade truths uh would continue for
another 90 days.
>> Minman thank you so much Minman Low our
China correspondent there. Let's bring
in Tasha Wang portfolio manager at
Fidelity. She is with us here on set to
talk us through all things markets and
implications of what's going on as far
as trade negotiations go. Good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Uh markets have done very well maybe
because of or despite of trade trade
talks. Are you surprised to the extent
this rally has actually run?
>> Well, I do think the tail risks related
to trade tariffs have been curtailed uh
to a great extent. Uh we have uh quite a
few frameworks with major trading
partners in place with Japan, China, uh
EU obviously most recently. So I think
that the ability to for for trade
headlines to really move the market
particularly in a negative way has
become you know uh a less likely
scenario on a forward-looking basis. we
started to see, you know, more common
ground between China and US and
hopefully um, you know, the, um, the
trade talks are progressing into more
technical details and they're being
handled carefully by experts
>> and you've actually continued to add on
to to your US equity views in the last
few weeks or months.
>> Yeah. So, we we have maintained the
overweight view on the US. I mean, I
know this year so far has been so much
debate on US exceptionalism. And I think
that a fair way of saying that is that
the US exceptional US exceptionalism
debate applies more to the dollar as a
currency than the US risk assets in
general. Um, and I think, you know,
we're still early in the earning season,
but we're seeing, you know, generally
positive earnings backdrop investments
continue, especially in AI. the you know
the the the the application the
investment the technology continues in a
very dramatic very fast manner um yeah I
think there's still a lot of you know
strong long-term reason to be positive
on us
>> right and and have you added or
maintained your exposure going into the
earning season
>> maintained
>> maintained it okay and what expectations
do you have because it's extremely
important next few days as far as big
tech I know you want you have some views
on AI as well
>> uh well I think while it's always
difficult to pinpoint exactly uh what's
the earnings outcome right we think that
for example for big trend like AI we
continue to see you know a long-term
positive um in this trae in its
trajectory we see that technology is
still getting better and getting cheaper
at the same time the use of it is
getting wider so broadening and
deepening at the same time we see
companies using it not just for one or
two individual you know business lines
they use in you know multiple verticals
across their businesses.
>> Um we certainly seeing really big AI
investment numbers 300 billion capex
into AI you know in one year that's like
equivalent to 1% of US GDP. So the
magnitude of that number is not just you
know moves company earnings it moves the
macro picture as well together with the
the multiplier effect of that
investment.
>> And how do you trade that theme still
this AI theme? Is it still through
chips? I think chips is still by far the
most reliable way of doing it. Chips
have their own cycle and I think the
cycle is still in a you know sort of an
upcycle. It's the it's the part of the
value chain that has the deepest emote.
So the barrier to entry is the highest.
Um there obviously other way of doing
it. key is that the investments need to
turn into applications that you know
enhance the productivity the commercial
aspect for uh individuals and companies
alike but we are seeing that happening.
>> What about the energy component
>> of of of running AI that seems to that
that that was an angle that came up when
Nvidia a few years ago but has now I
think returned and I wonder how you're
looking at that.
>> Yeah, I think the energy angle is a very
significant part of it. Um our favorite
part of way to play with that is through
the uranium theme. So the nuclear uh
power generation, uranium is at the
crossover of so many things. AI with its
immense um energy needs, national
security,
um there is uh the renewable because it
is a you know a very uh a very
consistent source of renewable energy.
um the you know zero carbon deregulation
US China competing to be at the front of
the technology so many things it's like
you put them in in a blender and made a
smoothie
>> called uranium yes
>> yeah but a key technical detail of that
is that the nuclear power generation has
a very high upfront fixed cost and
therefore a very low share of the cost
is in a variable or fuel cost. It means
the price elasticity of demand for that
uranium raw material input
>> is very very low.
>> Sorry, very uh yes very low in the sense
that you know that the price can move a
lot in terms of raw material doesn't
affect the end electricity price a lot.
Uh and that means that you know if we do
get a secular trend of you know more
uranium and more nuclear energy being
created
higher uranium price is not likely to
push back demand anytime soon.
>> Okay.
>> And that's what how we why we think the
thesis can play off for a long period of
time.
>> Um apart from the AI trade in the US,
you're actually overweight when it comes
to Chinese equities as well.
>> Yes, we've been overweight China and
we've also added to the overweight. So
it's one of our
>> Where are you adding now in this market?
Um still you know broadly the the China
beta we are uh positive on you know the
trajectory of this ongoing boom market
and we think heads further runway.
>> Yeah. So you mentioned China beta if I'm
not mistaken. So is that an index play?
>> Um yes in my portfolio it's mainly index
>> index play. Okay. So you're overweight
US over you can't be overweight
everything. So what's the what have you
made space uh less space for? I guess is
the question there. the other uh the
other regions in between but I think the
China story is very unique at this point
in the sense that we we think about the
drivers as there are two groups of
drivers one group is the typical
cyclical macroeconomic drivers you know
inflation bottoming out you know growth
stimulus etc that's the usual suspect on
the macro fund
>> but we also think there's a set of
emerging I call it cool factors to this
China rally um
>> no are you going to say labubu cuz I'm
going to I'm going to
>> I will not name it but I think it's
driven by innovation.
>> Okay,
>> collaboration a lot of it open source
>> and use culture which I think resonates
with uh you know millennial or gen Z all
over the world. I think that is um that
is more idiosyncratic and more
distributed a driver of potential you
know earnings or uh you know exciting
exciting trends than the typical the
traditional you know the macro drivers
uh which are more central and more tend
to move in a more cyclical way. So this
is again we think it's a more organic
trend more distributed more
idiosyncratic stories um more
opportunities
>> the cool trade
>> the cool trade for the summer
>> does does the cool trade include
anti-involution and do you absolutely
>> do do you expect that to translate into
earnings is is the
there are lots of doubts over whether or
not it can deliver short term
>> yeah well I suppose involation is
certainly uncool
It's a cool word though I have to say.
Yeah.
>> Yes. I don't know who came up with it.
Um but I think that um the original
evolution you know this very um the the
crux competition of it was probably a
reaction to an earlier period in the
economic uh condition where you know
deflationary pressure was relatively
high and growth was relatively subdued.
And now at a macro level we see that
trends starting to turn and then these
administrative measures by the authority
to say hey let's be a little bit more
rational with the competition. I think
that certainly helps and I think these
factors are working together to
potentially um you know boost the
sentiment and maybe change corporate
behavior as well. And then on top of
that you know you have this you know ex
better external environment the cool
factor we have just talked about you
know uh I think all of them are working
together to form a greater thesis ta
thank you always cool ta wang portfolio
manager at fidelity joining us as well.
>> All right uh just ahead we'll be talking
about President Trump's latest stance on
Russia and how he's raising pressure on
Vladimir Putin by setting a new earlier
deadline for each cruise uh with
Ukraine. We're going into the open here
in Hong Kong, 13 minutes away. And we'll
leave you with a look and maybe a public
service reminder to if you don't have to
go to work, you know what? Stay home.
Black rainstorm warning is up uh above
the across the city right now. And yeah,
we'll we'll see what happen. If you're
out already, well, you know, it's it's
cheap Tuesday, as they say. 12 minutes
to the opening bell. This is the China
show.
[Music]
I'm going to make a new deadline of
about 10
uh 10 or 12 days from today. There's no
reason in waiting.
There's no reason in waiting. It's 50
days. I want to be generous, but uh we
just don't see any progress being made.
It would be uh sanctions and maybe uh
tariffs, secondary tariffs.
>> And that was President Trump there
raising the pressure on Russia to reach
a truce with Ukraine or face potential
economic penalties. Jill Dus, our news
desk editor, is still here with us to
help us unpack. 10 to 12 days sounds
awfully like two two weeks, which is the
perfect I the favorite cadence of time.
>> Yes, that's right, David. Um I mean
really kind of tracking in here with
Trump's favorite un of measurement that
about two weeks idea. I think um you
know what we're looking at here right
now is obviously this continuation of
Trump is uh getting very frustrated with
Putin. Um, one of his big initial
campaign promises was that he wanted to
end the war in Ukraine, uh, pretty much,
you know, as soon as taking office. Um,
he had really kind of like, you know,
sort of trumped that up as, uh, being a
big, you know, signature part of, uh,
his his international policy. Um,
obviously, he's failed to make that
happen. I think when you're looking at
the initial, uh, deadline that Trump
ultimately set, that 50 days, that would
have put us around um, September 2nd,
uh, we obviously didn't really see any
movement um, from from Putin there um,
in response to that whatsoever. I mean,
if anything, we actually saw, you know,
continued military actions in Ukraine.
So, I think that that's, you know,
obviously wasn't really moving the
needle much. Now, whether this is
actually enough to um, you know, make
Putin um, you know, reconsider, I I
think that that's, you know, maybe um,
you know, something up for dispute here.
Um but what we are seeing from Trump and
then also from um you know some uh US
senators particularly um Republican
Lindsey Graham is this idea that maybe
the US might try other econ economic uh
measures such as secondary sanctions on
countries like uh China and India that
that um they buy Russian oil. Maybe
that's a way that you ultimately
pressure Putin. But yeah uh we'll see
what happens with this new deadline.
>> With that thought though of of secondary
sanctions,
do you think Moscow is going to really
react in any way? because at the moment
the US is engaged in really long trade
talks with some of these nations that do
buy Russian oil.
>> This is a great point, Yavon, and we've
actually talked to experts who would say
that um you know this threat uh that
Trump and others have made um of uh 100%
secondary sanctions is probably
unrealistic. Maybe you start somewhere
around 10 to 20% and try to ramp up. But
yes, I mean look, uh I mean when you're
looking again at those major buyers of
Russian oil, China, India, as you
mentioned, Yvon, I mean these are two
countries that are pretty actively in
trade talks. India trying to get
something over the line before that
August 1st deadline. And then you've got
US officials that are currently in
Stockholm, Sweden right now, trying to
continue negotiating a trade truce uh
with China. Um you know, the relations
have actually been okay there. They're
trying to pave the way for a potential
Trump she meeting by the end of the
year. I mean, yeah, I think sort of like
getting them involved in the equation
creates a lot of new difficulties. So,
again, think we're kind of left up to
see uh you know, what actually happens
and how Trump responds really at the end
of this 10 to 12 days.
>> Jill D says, thank you. Our news desk
editor there joining us with the latest
when it comes uh to Russia. In terms of
your pre-market, we're certainly
watching that here today. Seems like
things have stalled in this equity rally
of late. Maybe we're getting a bit of
fatigue from all these trade deals and
the tariff headlines and the like. Uh
so, we are seeing pre-market is down in
the hang. We're down about 4/10en of 1%.
Wooshy appetite. We're watching that
very closely.
>> Yeah, we're up 4% in the pre-markets.
That's an earnings story. We'll unpack
that in a moment on the other side of
this break. Apart from that, it's quiet
across these markets and as Ivon is
pointing out, we're feeling a bit
fatigue. We're pulling back. Volumes
have been on the lighter side across
some of the smaller benchmarks here in
the city. Yeah, but you know, an earning
story, a good enough earning story is
going to move the needle as far as at
least this specific stock is concerned.
The opening bell 6 and 1/2 minutes away.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back. Just uh
something to flag. It's something to
watch uh over the next couple of days.
And obviously we have a we have an
absolute level and reason why we're
tracking this in terms of just a
specific objective here. Uh so we're
actually very close in margin debt which
is the fuel that fuels the the rally.
It's a you know it's an indicator of
risk appetite and sentiment out there.
We're very close to topping the uh the
highs that we hit earlier in the year.
And that takes us all the way back to
yeah the the boom and bus days as you
can see in 20 uh in about May 2015 going
into August of course when that uh when
the drop came off. Uh just a note that's
of course when the PBOC came out with
that live briefing which ignited this
recent rally. This is where we are going
into the open today, Ivon.
>> Yep. In terms of the pre-market and what
we're looking in terms of analyst
actions, anti-involution still remains
one of the key themes here today. In
fact, Morgan Stanley with an interesting
note talking about what could actually
benefit from this. So, they're focusing
on refineries. The likes of CIPC uh the
likes of ProChina saying that they
actually might benefit if they expedite
the end of teapot refineries there. MTR
also cut to neutral at Goldman. The open
is next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. We're counting down to the open of
trades. Uh weather seems to be playing a
big part in the news flow today. You
guys might have already heard and read
about the uh the floods uh in and around
Beijing. That's number one. And here in
Hong Kong, similar theme. We're not
getting the floods, but we are getting a
black rainstorm warning, which I believe
is the highest here. Uh it's over the
city right now. And yeah, it's certainly
something to watch going into today.
Certainly flight disruptions and
everything in between have been uh one
of the things we've been tracking given
all the typhoons in and out of the city
here. Apart from that, it's I don't
know. It's it's quite out there where we
wait for more progress or lack of it in
in in Stockholm.
>> Yeah, I mean certainly it seems like the
US is doing everything it can at the
moment to try to have these trade talks
continue right for a second day and
hoping for maybe some sort of extension
by 90 days, right? They talk about
freezing tech exports curbs also talking
about uh really stopping this stopover
from Lingo potentially as well according
to the FD. Uh so certainly there are
sentiment wise they're still keeping
these talks going but then again the
markets are kind of getting tired of
this right that we haven't really gone
anything much more than that so
certainly maybe beyond the EU US sort of
trade deal as Stephen Englander from
Stan mentioned here maybe this is the
end of the kind of good news in the
trade and really what's really been
lifting risk assets and leading to the
weakening of the dollar so you know
maybe we see that kind of rebound in the
dollar which what we've been seeing of
late maybe that can last a little bit
longer here we'll See? Right. But here's
how the market in Shanghai is doing.
Pretty flat. As we say, it is quiet out
there. CSI 300 is just above that 4,100
level here this morning. And we're still
watching what commodities are doing.
Certainly, they have been the play uh
taking stock is talking about, you know,
this part of the market, which was
certainly seen a lagard is now almost
like a winner. That is selling off here
today. when you take a look at steel,
iron ore, uh but Shanghai crude is on
the flip side up some 2% kind of
following what we saw in the oil price
overnight given some of these Russia
headlines here and President Trump
urging or maybe changing that deadline
uh for Russia to reach a ceasefire with
Ukraine to 10 to 12 days from 50 right
so there was a little bit of that uh in
the oil markets certainly to watch as
well the boards are watching Hong Kong
very closely yes it's a black rainstorm
so we'll see what happens to trading
volumes and the like here today but it's
not looking pretty right now And yes,
you're seeing some red across the board
here. Down about half of 1% for the hang
tech is on offer here today and MSEI
China also as well. Interesting note
from Morgan Stanley talking about
anti-involution, right? You got to talk
about the likes of the refiners. Those
are certainly the ones that might be the
beneficiaries of all this as well. So
they're raising the price targets of
likes of Petrochina, Cyc,
you know, it's been a a really fearsome
rally here. Things are kind of petering
off. So BU is down about 1%. Xiaomi is
also down by 1% here this morning.
There's a 718 handle for dollar China
but you know then again not much really
in terms of news maybe it's just
consolidation overall in terms of what
news that we did get there is this sold
subsidy when it comes to child care so
500 ymb for per child under three so it
it's probably one of the first maybe
direct sort of ways of handing cash to
consumers here whether it actually does
anything to reverse the structural story
of a declining birth rate in China
that's up for question here but
certainly maybe it might help the
consumption side of things, right?
That's usually the call that we're
seeing here today. Uh and we are seeing
at least some of the sort of baby
related stocks, child care stocks are
rallying the prospect of that like a
Nutria Dairy. It's up some 13% Dave.
>> Yeah. What's up with Good Baby though?
>> Yeah.
>> Good baby not doing too good.
>> Yeah. You know, Yeah. Unless you're
short,
>> but they some of these were rallying
quite a bit even leading up to this
announcement.
>> That's right. Yeah. I think late
yesterday when the news play came out.
>> Uh fantastic. Yeah. We we'll continue to
track this. In fact, we we're already
getting u a trickle of commentary coming
from analysts out there. I think Morgan
Stanley just dropped one in our inboxes.
Uh cities also put out a a fantastic
note including lubric economics is
another thing altogether. We'll get to
that in in a in in a couple of minutes.
Uh on the back of that though and as one
is pointing out right the levels we're
trading at uh 25,500
in the Hing index 424300 on CI 300 I
think 3,637
on Shanghai. Who would have thought we'd
be at these levels? Uh but this is where
we are. Turnover 1.8 trillion daily
roughly speaking. Margin debt is nearing
levels that we last saw 10 years ago.
We're up seven in the past eight days as
far as some of these other benchmarks
are concerned. That's the context for
the reasons Winnie Sue is with us here
Asia equities reporter to talk us
through what is exactly behind this
rally that you're seeing. Yeah, David,
we're right now seeing this fantastic
rally, especially when you look at just
just this month, right? The Chinese
stocks are up about 5% offshore,
onshore, um about the same. And also, um
that is really beating the major indexes
topics only up about 3%, S&P 3.5%.
Right? So behind that, yes, we had kind
of the tech and the deepseek stories
earlier in the year, but most recently
um luckily we talked about this
anti-involution story a few weeks back
already, but that is really ramping up
and getting more attention. So with that
domestic story unfolding and with this
big Tibet dam um project coming in
supporting more of those um domestic
kind of catalyst we're seeing a lot more
optimism around Chinese stocks but also
when we look externally there's the
easing tensions between US China and
recently around kind of the H20 chips
that um the US is allowed to ship to
China that also helped boost sentiment.
So now we're hearing and focusing on
kind of the trade talks going on between
US and China with potentially that
90-day um extension in terms of the
trade ter uh trade um deadline. So
investors are really looking uh forward
for that to be the next uh tailwind for
Chinese stocks.
>> We were just firing that CSI 300
materials gauge, right? It's been up
some what 18% this year. What are
analysts saying about this whole
anti-involution theme now? Is there
still kind of legs to this or are things
looking a bit overheated now? Yeah, the
sector really is that star sector this
year, right? Um, it has been really
underperforming the overall CSI 300 for
the past three years and this is the
first year since then that we're seeing
a turnaround. So, commodity stocks
hasn't been really the most exciting
sector. But recently with that
anti-involution about the government
really stepping in to curb the price
curves and um to deal with the supply
side of issues. So that helped um
investors to find some more confidence
that we might be able to finally get out
of that deflationary cycle that China is
seeing. So we're seeing um optimism
around that area and with the latest
massive project in Tibet most likely
also supporting the demand and
commodities. We saw commodities prices
um be steel um coil these all jumping in
the past few weeks. So that really
supported the stock prices around the
material stocks and with Goldman Sachs
also upgrading the material sector um
yesterday to overweight. I think that
means that a lot more upside is yet to
be priced in.
>> Yeah, there we go. Ker and his team are
are active uh in this team. Thank you so
much.
>> Hi to you guys by the way at Goldman if
you're listening or watching. I know you
have the audio off most of the time.
Wisu, thank you so much. Our Asia
equities reporter there. Uh so Goldman
came out actually and Ivon was just
talking about this a couple of minutes
ago some changes to uh I believe MTR
that's not the point we want to make the
point on that Winnie just ended on there
right so
>> Morgan Stanley
>> Morgan Stanley and how they're they want
to express anti-involution here
>> so we mentioned about these several
Chinese energy and chemical refiners is
what they're thinking as their picks
around this sort of theme here. So they
they do think that these efforts to curb
excessive price competition will
stabilize the industry right so and they
they're saying refineries worldwide
including those plants in China which
most of which are actually loss making
can actually benefit from it right so
yeah we have to look at what teapot
refineries are but it's a nickname
basically for some of these small
independent oil refineries in China
>> teapot refinery yeah what's your what's
your plan after uni teapot teapot
refinery uh once I secure funding ing
from friends and family for that. Uh the
other now this is takes us into this
other theme that we're tracking today.
The big news in the afternoon session
yesterday uh with China outlining and
detailing the plans here. This further
supports an incentives for to
incentivize consumption and birth rates.
Uh $500 US a year per child under the
age of three. And this latest bid to
boost birth rates. It's certainly among
the most extensive nationwide subsidies
ever rolled out uh and actually could
benefit. Yet there's more than 20
million families uh annually and you
know we're already looking at analysts
chiming in on this and what this could
mean. Is it does this immediately boost
the birth rate? Is the lowhanging fruit
really more in consumption? How much
does it actually help given the amount
and the scale and
>> the continuity? I think
>> and I think it's the timing, right?
They've they've held out for a while
>> about actually putting cash into the
hands of consumers, right? We saw that
with Hong Kong. Yeah,
>> we saw that with the likes of Taiwan. Uh
and they resisted up until now, maybe I
think maybe September of last year when
we saw a little bit of that cash handout
leading up to the National Day holidays
and the like. So this is maybe the
second time that we are seeing a little
bit more of that sort of consumption
boost, right? But does it actually work?
work. I mean, the economists out there
are crunching the numbers and talking
about what impact this could actually
have uh when it comes to growth and the
like, right? I think Morgan Stanley had
a quick number there uh 0.1% of nominal
GDP. So, saving families about 14
billion dollars annually as well. Uh
City Group saying, you know, this is
maybe more consumption focused than
really about population and really
reversing this declining birth rate. Be
as well saying, look, it's going to aid
to the suspending, but not sure about
the birth rate. Yeah, the question is
whether they're really going to spend
all of it, right? And you know, the the
way that interesting the way that Morgan
Stanley phrased uh the the number in the
context of GDP, right? Families will be
able to save and hopefully they then
incentivized to then spend that money
because of the savings coming out of
government.
>> I think they said it was it's a
consumption policy, not so much a
population policy according to city
here. And it's it's interesting, right?
you're you're going to see these hand
handouts maybe more possibly. I mean,
but it's a sign that at least they're
trying to offset some what some people
said as headwinds in the consumption
story, right? When you're starting to
see these subsidy programs and the like
start to fade in the second half, this
might be a good offset.
>> Yeah, we're maybe just calling it
something different for a different part
of the uh the population. In fact, I
think don't think we've showed this yet.
The uh the thoughts coming through out
of uh Bloomberg economics uh and how
they actually think about this. Have we
have weied that yet? not yet. Uh so what
they're saying is to the point that I
think some of the other economists have
already rolled out, right? It will boost
spending and not so much the birth it
subsidies are likely to uh
>> likely too modest.
>> Likely too modest. Okay. I was like,
okay, is that an adjective? Too too
modest to stem a decline in new births,
but still it's a net positive more than
more than anything can be useful in
boosting sentiment and consumption. So
um yeah, we'll we'll we'll wait to see
how this becomes really a more tactical
trade concretely. It's certainly a step
in the right direction, right? Um, and
Hong Kong's done something very similar,
right? So, I received some some cash
this year.
>> Yeah. Congratulations.
Happy hour on you. Yeah. Yeah.
>> I I I like IPAs.
>> Well, it came in double, right? So,
>> Oh, yes.
>> It was double rewarded. Um,
>> this goes into the population issue goes
into the technology and how that they're
then able to boost production. Yes.
Longer term
>> because you have the demographic issues.
You have the shortage in factory workers
that's also forcing its heavy industries
to really evolve, right? And really ramp
up this integration of industrial
robots. We saw that at WIC. I mean,
humanoid robots really dominated this
year.
>> Boxing,
>> boxing,
>> back flipping,
>> cracking eggs.
>> Uh, longhaul trucking is actually also
one way that you're getting automation
and technology boosting. You know,
there's no need for for humans or at
least less in uh less intervention from
humans. You had the likes of several
companies increasingly embracing
advanced driver assistance technologies.
In fact, Steven Eno, chief North Asia
correspondent, hitched a ride on a big
rig. Have a look.
>> Longhaul trucking on a vast network of
expressways that surpasses even the US
in length is the lifeblood of China's
sprawling industrial supply chains, not
to mention the nation's booming
e-commerce. Domestic express deliveries
last year shattered all records with
nearly 175 billion parcels shipped. But
there are growing pains including a
shortage of drivers.
>> Actually, truck driver is a very well-
paid job in China in terms of a blueco
collar job. Uh but a younger uh young
person, they they'd rather to do the
food delivery which are much less uh but
not to do the uh trucking job because
that is lonely and dangerous. Today,
we've hitched a ride with longtime truck
driver Fuingfong on the last leg of his
solo 500-mile trip from Wuhan to
Shanghai. Normally, such a journey would
require two drivers taking turns. But
Fu, for the better part of a year now,
has been driving one of the 3,000
tractor trailers in China, equipped with
an advanced driver assistance system
from Chinese startup Ineptio Technology,
which takes a lot of the driving of the
31-ton rig out of his hands.
>> When people are visually fatigued, for
example, when changing lanes, you think
the distance between the vehicles is
enough, right? Then you turn the
steering wheel and it is normal to get a
scratch. You can see on the screen that
the radar and camera must have reached a
certain distance, a safe distance
between the vehicles before it allows
the lane change. Driver assistance
technology is facing intense scrutiny in
China since a fatal crash in March of a
Xiaomi SU7 EV that had its autopilot
system turned on. When this ADAS system
is engaged, Fu doesn't need to keep his
foot on the pedals as the rig handles
acceleration and braking as well as lane
changes and maintaining safe distances.
Ineptio has logged more than 215 million
accidentfree operational kilometers.
>> There's a lot of congestion ahead.
>> Lots of traffic.
>> Yes. But the system can handle all kinds
of road conditions. Doesn't matter if
there's a traffic jam. Six cameras, five
radars, and one LAR sensor help the
truck navigate most hazards. And remote
monitoring makes sure Fu is not over
relying on technology. So, he's saying
the sensor there up at the windshield
will tell if he's drowsing off and then
the seat belt will shake and the seat
will shake to kind of wake him up.
>> The seat belt will tighten on you. It
would even shake loose a kidney stone
just like a massage chair. FU's
employer, delivery company YTO Express,
has 300 Inceptio Adas equipped trucks in
its fleet and plans to add another 400
this year. At first, a bit skeptical,
YTO now sees labor costs reduced by
about a third and fuel savings of around
one liter for every 100 km.
>> It can eliminate some of the dangerous
driving behaviors of individual drivers,
which reduces risks to our shipments.
For the 46-year-old Fu, he says the
advancements may just delay his
previously planned retirement from the
road.
>> I can drive this truck without getting
tired even after working for more than
10 hours. I have a lot of energy.
>> Having arrived safely in Shanghai.
Steven Angel, Bloomberg News.
>> Yeah, shaking off the kidney stones.
>> We all need that.
We watched that in our past interviews
on our interactive TV function, TV go.
Gotta love Steve on the field. You can
also dive into any security or bloomer
functions that we talk about there. And
check it out at TVgo.
[Music]
Welcome back. Back to watching the China
show. Let's get you guys an update of
the heavy floods we're seeing in some
parts in and around Beijing. You have
heavy rainstorms there. State media have
reported have at least 30 people have
been killed because of what's going on.
Uh President Xi Jinping is urging
authorities to keep people safe as
eastern and central parts of the country
are facing a more wild more wild
weather. Uh James Mer, our senior
reporter, is with us out of Beijing.
James, uh, is I don't Is is it still
raining?
>> It's been raining since about 10:00 last
night, uh, in Beijing. Um, not
particularly heavily in the city, but
obviously up in the mountains, uh, up
near the Great Wall in Mun, the rain has
been very heavy. Um, up to half a meter
of rain in some parts of that area. So,
you know, I mean, you're seeing some of
the footage there, but it it's obviously
if you're living up in the mountains
north of Beijing, it's not great.
>> Yeah, we've been talking about the the
amount of casualties. Um, I know search
and and rescue efforts are underway.
What are people saying? What what's the
response from the government been like
so far?
So there there's been a series of
disasters in the past few years and the
government has been trying to get ahead
of those by you know with you know with
preemptive warnings about you know the
dangers that are coming. So last night
you know there was already warnings
earlier in the evening that there was
going to be heavy rains and people
should be wary of that. Uh and and I
think part part of that is a reaction to
a couple of disasters in 2023 in Beijing
and in in Juno earlier where people a
lot of people drowned because there
wasn't warnings and so you know
sometimes they gone overboard you know
there was a wind warning last year which
in the end didn't turn out to be
anything but I think in this case you
know that kind of preemptive warning is
is it's sort of preparing people for the
you know for what what has happened. Um
but there hasn't actually been a lot of
discussion on on social media about
this. Whether that's because it's being
scrubbed or whether people just aren't
talking about it is unclear. Um there's
been a few stories in state media just
sort of with the bare facts. So I guess
we'll see going forward, you know, how
serious this actually is. Um it's
probably likely there there are many
more than 30 people who have actually
died. That was the the toll at midnight
last night. And and generally in
disasters like this, you you tend to see
that the initial counts are very uh just
because rescue workers can't get into to
the most affected areas immediately, the
initial counts are low. Um whether this
turns out to be as bad as the flooding
in in in August in 2023 uh or not, we'll
have to wait and see, but uh yeah, it's
not great for for the people of Northern
Beijing.
>> Yeah, James, thank you. James Maker
there with an update, our senior
reporter for Chinese Eco and Gov. And
hope everyone is of course okay uh in
those affected areas. And some of the
headlines around the world, uh we have
to pivot. Uh, a New York City official
says at least five people have been
killed and several injured after shots
are fired in a Midtown Manhattan office
building. The victims include one police
officer. And we're told the gunman was
found dead on the 33rd floor of 345 Park
Avenue, which houses Blackstone's global
headquarters. Employees say Blackstone
staff on the 32nd floor had pushed
furniture in front of doors to barricade
themselves during the attack. The Thai
army says clashes with Cambodia
continued until early Tuesday morning
despite both sides agreeing to an
unconditional ceasefire from midnight.
An army spokesman accused Cambodia of
deliberately violating the agreement.
Cambodia has not officially responded to
the claims. President Trump says the US
will resume trade talks with both
nations after they agreed to end the
fighting along their disputed border,
taking credit for the deal after
threatening punishing tariffs. President
Trump says the US, UK, and EU will set
up food centers to ease starvation in
Gaza. Trump says Israel has a
responsibility to ensure aid reaches
civilians. UK Prime Minister Kirst
backed the comment, saying Britain's are
revolted by images from Gaza and more
pressure is needed on Israel to allow
relief in.
>> Okay, we we just talked about the floods
and it's still raining in in Beijing and
particularly up up in the mountains
there. Also a reminder that here in Hong
Kong, the uh the Hong Kong Observatory
has posted a black rainstorm warning.
This is a view outside our windows here
in central Hong Kong and the advice from
authorities is do not attempt to travel
until the black rainstorm warning signal
is no longer in force. Uh it was hoisted
uh about 40 minutes back. So keep an eye
on the weather, keep an eye on the show
as we get you guys updated on this as
well. Plenty more ahead. This is the
China show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Childcare related
stocks are in focus today given of
course the announcements yesterday.
Nationwide subsidies
um incentivizing families to go forth
and multiply. the we're looking at some
of the related stocks some are on the
way up. It's also worth pointing out
that the news came of course right
before I believe the markets closed. So
there was some time for markets to
position around this and perhaps why we
are getting some profit taking in some
like good baby and now health and health
and happiness internationally.
>> Yeah. And so if you want to talk about
babies you could talk about
anti-involution as well. So Morgan
standing out with an interesting note
about, you know, we'll focus on the
refineries, even the lossmaking plants
that might benefit from this
anti-involution theme and could
potentially really stabilize the
industry. So it's still a mixed picture
though, but they did upgrade some of
also upgraded ProChina. Those shares are
up 1% here today. So on the back of this
though, we're against sort of a pullback
in equities here today. Most of Asia,
Hangen is down close to 1%. We'll get
you a market update at the top of the
hour.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China Show. Here's a
look at the Hong Kong skyline here.
Pretty rough. It is a black rainstorm
here right now. So, it is certainly a
warning sign to really kind of stay
indoors and maybe see how the, you know,
maybe not go to work today, just work
from home or watch the China show,
right? We got in early. So,
>> but yeah, markets aren't doing too well
right now. Hangen is down about 1%. It's
really kind of what we're seeing, right?
This sort of sinking feeling that we're
feeling
>> that maybe reality is now sinking in
about tariffs, right? That and and we
certainly saw that, right? I think the
euro certainly is a key indicator of
that. The tumble that we saw overnight,
Dave,
>> it was the steepest tumble since May 6,
single biggest day drop there. And the
it's it's not a coincidence that the
move came on the back of of course
progress on trade talks there, right? EU
and US EU and all the the bullishness
that came into European stocks. You
know, the DAX hit a record, I believe,
on Monday briefly if I'm not mistaken.
And the euro's been trading at very
strong levels, not just against the
dollar, against the Chinese currency
multi-year high. So there was I guess
reason to reposition on the back of that
news and reassess I think how this now
looks from a fundamental structural
perspective if you do have a 15% tariff
on uh most things not all from Europe.
Uh we're still trying to hammer out of
course the details on that one. The
other side of course is between US and
China and the the so far the takeaway
there is maybe it's the best case is a
an extension
>> and so it's it's still going to be a
higher effective US tariff rate right at
the end of the day. And I think we're
starting to really digest that. At first
it was like, oh, we've avoided all right
trade war.
>> But even Stephen Angler from Sanch is
saying that sort of tail risk reduction
that's already been priced in right now.
So everything that was leading to the
good news when it comes to risk assets,
equity markets, even weakening the
dollar, now we're seeing a turn and
things are reversing.
>> Yeah. And we'll see how the Fed also
um manages to give some certainty around
that because for the longest time the
commentary that's come from in the
statement the lack of commitment was
because of the lack of clarity around
that. Now that it seems that you know as
the dust settles what you're left with
is a US economy that has a 15% fence
around it. What does that mean for
inflation growth uh and everything in
between? So yes Fed's a big part of the
conversation. this massive move up in in
the dollar, but that's a that's more a
euro that's more a euro move than
anything else.
>> It's a euro story, right? Because as you
mentioned, right, it's one one analyst
says it, they the Europe avoided
disaster but locked itself into an
imbalanced high stakes pack with no
clear exit ramp. The US extracted every
ounce of leverage. You have Mark Cutmore
from our Mive team saying, "Look, this
trade deal with the US is not a win for
the EU and this Euro weakness, they say,
has some way to run." And we're starting
to see that in positioning, right? and
what these hedge funds have been doing
of late with those net longs in the
euro.
>> Yeah, going into this week, going into
these talks, the data out of CFTC, the
chart's going to show you this very,
very shortly, is that traders were the
net long position on the euro was near
the highest in about 10 months or so. Uh
this is a weekly data point that comes
out. I think it's out every Tuesday or
Wednesday at about mid early week. So,
we'll get an update of this. But yeah,
there was some temptation to reposition
uh on the back of the news. Uh on top of
this, what else are we talking about? US
China trade talks and child care
subsidies I think is a continuing theme
some theme
>> perhaps if there's something to trade
today you know it is going to be this
whole child care theme that they're
giving out $500
uh per kid under the age of three to
maybe help boost consumption that
certainly seems to be the reflection
from any economists here out there that
maybe it's not population policy but
it's more consumption policy
>> you know a friend messaged me this
morning and just to clarify so the
question was are they giving $500 to
each kid under three. And I'm like, I
don't think that's gonna that's gonna
move them here. I don't think they'd
know what to do with the money. Um, but
then again, that's also quite out of the
box thinking if that was
>> might just buy some cool cool toys,
right? The cool trade as Ta Fidel.
>> Bring up Laboo. I'm walking off the set
right now.
>> You brought it up, not me.
>> Here we go. Um, so, okay. So, we we've
talked about all the big things as well.
In fact, let's unpack the the the China
trade conversation. Stockholm, Sweden.
You have US commerce secretary Howard
Lutnik there say it's actually President
Trump who will decide if Washington and
Beijing will extend their truth by 90
days. Lutnik was speaking with Fox News.
Have a look.
>> They're talking right now, but the
decision maker of course is President
Trump. I'm sure uh the people with uh
who are speaking with China are going to
go discuss with President Trump how he
wants to play it. He's got an excellent
relationship with President Xi and I
think we'll leave that to Donald Trump
to decide how he wants to do it. Is that
a likely outcome? Sure, it seems that
way, but let's leave it to President
Trump to decide.
>> Minman Low, our China correspondent is
here with us. What on what we are
expecting uh in terms of day two?
>> Yeah, look, we already have multiple US
officials telegraphing this potential
trade truce. But some investors are
saying if the two teams are sequested
away for two days, all they come up with
is a twe trade truce, they're going to
be a little bit disappointed. So let's
see if they come up with even, you know,
a symbolic or a small agreement above
and beyond that trade truce. Of course,
President Trump might want to keep any
big juicy news for himself if and when
he does meet with President C sometime
later this year. But for now, we know
that US is taking every measure measure
to ensure that the talks remain smooth.
And one of the things they've done
according to the FT is that the commerce
department has frozen any export control
rules that might derail those talks. And
remember just ahead of this, the US has
agreed to reverse the decision to sell
uh to curb the sale of H20 chips to
China. But FT reporting so far the US
has not granted new licenses despite
that. And this is actually something
that sends alarm bells bells ringing for
me because I'm wondering then is this
just the US posturing ahead of the trade
deal uh the trade talk to try to get
better terms of the deal or are they
really going to fulfill their promises
later down the line? Um and the other
thing that's been derailed is also
President Lightinger's trip to China uh
to the US. Uh a stopover in New York and
Dallas on the way to other South and
Central American countries. This is of
course a very routine way for Taiwanese
and US officials to meet as a workaround
to the one China policy. Obviously is
going to anger Beijing. This is
according to FT reporting as well. But
we heard from the presidential office in
Taiwan saying that President lie is no
longer going to travel in the near
future citing typhoon recovery in Taiwan
as a reason. But we all know what is not
said here. It's the backdrop here, the
sensitive timing that is potentially
derailing that trip.
>> Uh there is one snack. There was this
trade court in the US denying this
effort to restore this exemption when it
comes to the de the dimminimous
loophole.
>> Yes. So a 2-way court has now defended
Trump's decision to uh basically strike
down that loophole which previously had
exempted these small value packages from
getting higher tariffs and the justice
department is saying that the rule was
the decision from Trump was necessary
and legitimate in order to prevent the
flow of illicit drugs into the US. Bear
in mind though, yes, this is a small win
for President Trump for now, but there
is another set of legal challenges at
the higher level, the federal appeals
court that could still potentially
overturn this. So, for now, it's a win,
but together along with, you know, how
the economy is doing, inflation maybe
not as high as expected. The economy is
still quite resilient. This could give
Trump the confidence he needs to maybe
hold out a little bit longer for a
better deal with China.
>> Yeah, there we go. Minman Llau our China
correspondent there really outlining and
all roads seem to lead back to a US
economy that is in a sweet spot where
inflation hasn't quite showed up at
least worryingly enough and uh slow down
signs while are building are not also um
alarm bells in fact just on that very
note we talked about this the headline
this morning Ivon was a dollar rebound
on the back of a US market that was at a
record high in fact when you look at the
price action that we're seeing right now
again Asia's down but the US Again, US
futures are continuing to to build on
those gains.
>> It's a very interesting take from
Talshaw and Fidelity, right? Where when
you talk about US exceptionalism, it's
not so much the US dollar, but it's more
about US equity markets because what
you're talking about is that there's
still the mag seven out there and this
whole AI trade that is continuing to
fire things higher for this equity
market. So, when it comes to
diversification, it's not so much about
stocks, it's the currency. It it's a
dollar call and that goes into all the
big earnings that will take up mind
space this week, right? A lot of the mag
seven in a couple of weeks we have
Nvidia. In fact, have a you know, have a
listen to Tasha Wang who joined us on
shows this time in the last hour and why
how she explained why they're still
overweight on US equities.
>> US exceptionalism debate applies more to
the dollar as a currency than the US
risk assets in general. Um and I think
you know we're still early in the
earning season but we're seeing you know
generally positive earnings backdrop
investments continue especially in AI
the you know the the the the application
the investment the technology continues
in a very dramatic very fast manner. Um
yeah I think there's still a lot of you
know strong long-term reason to be
positive on us.
Let's now bring in our next guest,
Alexis Crow. Dr. Alexis Crow, partner
and chief economist at PWC US. Uh,
Alexis, good morning from the Asia
Pacific. Thank you for joining us. I'm
not sure if you heard the comment there
from our guest in the last hour talking
about again, there are enough reasons to
still be in US equity markets. And I and
I wonder how you're framing this US
exceptionalism
conversation, which up until a few weeks
ago took a massive hit.
>> David Ivon, thanks so much for having
me. Yes, the the word exceptionalism
particularly when it comes to the
economic situation slightly perturbs me
and I like the word outperformance. Uh
when we think about economic growth in
the United States relative to other
advanced economies since the global
financial crisis, we have outperformed
on a relative basis and I think there
are number of different facets to that.
One is we've had really strong
immigration and a really strong
immigration policy. two, you've had
exceptional innovation, which of course
hints at the the MAG7 phenomenon, and
three, we've actually had an uplift in
the United States, a direly needed uh
injection of privatization when it came
to looking back to the IRA. So going
forward, I think, you know, we have to
ask the degree to which any of these
policy shifts might put us back
slightly. uh when it comes to
outperformance of course then the equity
markets I would say we continue to see
US equity indices hit these all-time
highs because investors want in on the
AI trade and I would say that we can say
sectorally concentrated US equities are
highly in favor versus a little bit of
European pharma industrial products some
of the uh aerospace and defense and then
Chinese financials so I think when you
think about AI it's the mag 7 and it's
the United states.
>> How do tariffs feed into that sort of
view, Alexis? Because it seems like
right now, you know, markets were
trading on record highs. They were
saying we're getting these trade deals.
We've we've stepped away from the brink
of of maybe the worst case scenario, but
then again, we're still talking about
higher tariff levels than maybe a few
months ago with the US. Is reality
finally sinking in? Well, Ivonne,
actually, I want to bring back in the
comment that we just heard on DXY and
and thinking about the dollar because
the dollar has been down up until this
month. The dollar has been down 10% uh
since the start of the year. And so
that's a piece where I would start to
say investors are slightly concerned
surrounding the outcomes of tariffs and
some of the degree of institutional
shifts and changes that we've seen in
the United States versus I would say
what we've seen in equity markets which
again is the tech concentration there.
Um so as we look forward I would say
that you know dollar strengthening off
the back of this transactional moment
that we've had in Scotland over the
weekend but the devil's in the details.
you know, how long will this stick? How
long will it take to be implemented?
Will it be ratified? I think are all
questions. The other thing that we're
watching the Fed, of course, we've got
our meeting uh coming up this week. The
other thing that we're watching, of
course, is the extent to which these
tariffs will pass through on inflation
and therefore the extent to which the
Fed will need to hold rates at a higher
for longer environment. And that, I
think, is is the key question when it
comes to longer term growth in the
investing outlook.
And you know, Alexis, you guys have a
fairly unique window into how US your
clients are thinking about all these
moving parts. And I think you hit the
nail on the head there, like we don't
know how long, well, for one, we don't
know how long before tariffs will, you
know, will be implemented at 15%. And
how long they will stay at 15%. You
know, in a couple of months, we'll be a
quarter through, if you think about it,
Trump's second term. In three short
years,
uh, that's it. And I guess the reason I
frame it that way is I wonder to what
extent you as corporates are maybe not
putting anything permanent in place but
adjusting to the here and now. And does
that view resonate with you and your
clients in the US?
>> Thanks David. So we actually have our
latest poll survey where 60% of our
respondents of corpor of corporations
have said that they're going to pass
price increases on to the consumer. That
was May. I would say that probably July
you're now looking at probably north of
75%.
So we had obviously a tepid consumer,
very cautious uh price environment. Um
companies being very very uh shy about
passing on a price increase to the
consumer and reluctant. What I what
we've started to see is that that
calculus is starting to shift. The
question then becomes, David, one is to
what extent will it be a one-off price
increase? Uh the second question is to
what extent will that actually prompt a
wage price spiral, which in an
environment and when you're curtailing
immigration numbers that that's also a
you know potential outcome. The third
piece is one that we also like to think
about is what are some of the secondary
impacts of these tariffs. So everybody's
focused on the kind of the sexy
automobiles and whiskey and and
motorcycles, but what about 232 and
steel and aluminium and the inputs that
go to construction and manufacturing and
the housing market in the United States?
So we've seen housing starts down in the
US. Uh and I think we're seeing
developers with pencils down just
because of the cost of inputs and the
scarcity of labor.
And and I'm just wondering, it seems
like the Trump administration is using
this tool of tariffs to try to
accomplish many things beyond just
reducing trade deficits, right? It's
almost a way to even deal with national
security issues, defense. We're seeing
that with Russia. We're seeing that with
Thailand, Cambodia, for example. I mean,
it gains short-term wins, but what are
sort of the long-term implications this
could have?
>> We've heard it's the most beautiful word
in the dictionary. So I would say that
uh we have to think about the secondary
and tertiary impacts of this. So again a
stickier price environment right where
again the housing market is one clear
facet in the United States where we
continue to face a crisis of
affordability and housing. Um the
implications of a higher price
environment in manufacturing as well are
very clear. But when I think about some
of the secondary impacts, one is to what
extent will other countries start to use
this as a negotiating tactic um and
replicate and proliferate what the
United States is doing? The rest of the
world generally used to follow the
United States because we set the rules.
So that's my question is beyond this
administration, will that set into
motion a preference for using either
tariffs or non-tariff barriers to trade?
The tertiary impacts are the ones on
alliances and obviously we've seen some
of the rancor from very notable
prominent European leaders over the
weekend regarding the deal and the
long-term impact of alliances I think is
is is the concerning one. That's on the
downside potentially for the United
States but on the upside it's it's
prompting what we call rest of world and
the rest of world investing theme where
the rest of world is generally getting
on with it. Obviously, we saw this trade
deal happen between the UK and India.
You're seeing uh very clear efforts
between the EU and Japan to cement their
economic and commercial ties. You're
seeing the same thing between Japan and
Canada. And so I do think that the rest
of the world is is prompted now to get
on with it. So that's a potential bright
spot.
H
>> it interesting on the EU and EU and
Japan Alexis because we you know we're
used to talking about Europe Europe and
others Japan and others but not really
Europe and Japan directly and I wonder
has this you know have have the have the
has the tide opened up opportunities now
between for direct links between those
two. Well, actually David, you know, we
were chatting about my time in Japan and
and one of the things that is a very
consistent theme is the extent to which
Japanese companies are chronically
underinvested in the Euro zone. Uh they
have been if you just look at FDI stock
by destination, it's 100% in the US and
then followed by the UK. So there are
opportunities for Japanese companies to
be present there. Um likewise I would
say there are very clear opportunities
for European asset managers and wealth
managers to be present in the Japanese
market. So to date we've really seen
that's been a US phenomenon and US
players really coming into the market
and and trying to win market share from
even Japanese companies. But I would say
that European asset managers can find a
significant opportunity particularly as
there's a there's an eye to diversify
out of China.
>> Dr. Crow, thank you so much. Alexis
Crow, their partner and chief economist
at PWC US and subscribers. Of course,
you can rewatch this interview and our
past ones in our interactive TV
function, TV go. Make sure to check it
out for there. Uh, we got plenty more to
come. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right,
welcome back. We're about 15 minutes
into the cash market session. Declines
uh in the order of about one and a
half%. We're flat across mainland
markets. Volumes in Hong Kong
specifically are uh on the lighter side
of things. We're looking at turnover of
course as we have done over the past
several sessions. That's number one. And
number two, we're looking at margin debt
which has been building up on which is
actually a all things equal a good thing
as far as the the uptrend is concerned
when that starts to build. many things
to deal with this week, right? Yes, we
we have, you know, some trade deals, but
US China trade talks are going to day
two. You have a Fed meeting. You have
BOJ. You have jobs report. I mean,
people maybe are saying, "Look, I'm
going to book some profits before all
this events risk."
>> Let's let's get Mark Cranfield's points
points plural on what to watch this
week. He joins us out of Singapore where
it just so happens, Mark, I think
tomorrow you do have a central bank
decision there as far as the that
monetary policy is concerned. Apart from
that or if that what what is top of mind
for you Mark as we make our way from
Tuesday throughout the course of this
week then
>> well it's not too surprising that people
want to take a bit of a pause here I
mean the markets uh been very strong as
you say there's there's a lot of stuff
coming up here the the big tech
companies in the United States their
earnings u and people might be concerned
that it's already as good as it gets in
that respect and whether the rotation
can continue away from the states into
other parts of the world um certainly a
good reason for a And if you look at say
the MSCI Asia Pacific index where it's
had this incredible rebound from the the
depths we saw in April and it's trading
so far above its 200 day moving average.
The kind of positioning where people
might say okay that's a little bit
stretched by any any measure. So we
might want to pause a little bit there.
This Fred meeting in particular looks
like it's going to be a contentious one.
Uh so they're going to be denters. Just
a question of how many will it be one
two three? That's enough to to make
people a little bit cautious going into
that. But then we've got the the
European, sorry, the the Asian earnings
will be coming through after the the
Chinese tech companies, they'll be
coming through in early August and the
the big Japanese companies as well. So,
we'll probably find that the companies
can get past this and people will start
to feel better. But we got to get
through this week first. It certainly is
is the kind of thing where if you've got
money on the table, you probably want to
take a little bit off before you see all
these big events unwind.
>> How should we be looking at this Euro
tumble that we saw overnight? Mark, is
it a start of something worse
>> given that it seems like we're past a
sort of EU US trade deal and people are
starting to realize, oh my gosh, these
tariff levels are actually higher than
we first talked about here. Is there
more downside for the euro?
uh not if you look at what the the PBOC
did today and if you if you see if you
follow how the Chinese central bank has
been doing its fixings for several weeks
now it is very closely tied to the way
the euro is trading in relation to the
dollar and the way the euro is in
trading in relation to the yuan and if
you see the they set the the dollar yan
fixing a little bit higher today but
nowhere near as far as they could have
done in relation to the move from the
euro in the past 24 hours which reflects
dollar strength as well. So PBC is
keeping the lid on the the one moves in
relation to probably where they think
the euro is going to go in the weeks
ahead. So they obviously don't see big
downside for the euro. And you'll
probably find that if you if you went
across the board here for investors,
they probably think this is just the
same kind of correction that was needed
in in the dollar that you're seeing in
equity markets as well. We've had some
pretty strong trends. Dollar selling
off, euro gaining, equities moving as
well. all those things, they're not
going to go on every single day. People
need to to take a little bit of steam
out of it. And that's probably what
you're seeing a good opportunity to
reassess the euro. But the downside to
is probably going to be a bit limited
when the United States continues to make
it difficult for its central bank with
some of the policies that are being
imposed there. So that's going to play
out in a slightly weaker dollar over
time.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there,
our live strategist joining us out of
Singapore there. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> Yeah. And part of our earnings coverage
there is of course in Japan where you
have my accountant 40 plus companies in
the topics index. Numor is one of the
companies reporting today. We'll keep an
eye on that. We're headed into the lunch
break in Japan and markets are doing
this with a couple of minutes left in
the morning session.
[Music]
offic's family told them that he was a
hero and we admire him for putting his
life on the line.
This was his dad only son.
I think about Jordan, my child, and is
unimaginable to experience a loss of
this magnitude.
And three other innocent civilians are
also dead.
Two males and one female and another
male is seriously injured, fighting for
his life in critical condition because
of the violent, despicable attack.
Additionally, the shooter is dead of an
apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
To be clear, six total tonight,
one including the perpetrator. And I'm
sorry, six total was shot tonight. One
including the perpet per perpetrator.
No words can describe this act of evil.
A man who takes the life life of others
who are innocent and no words can fill
the void that has been left by this
tragedy. Our hearts break for the
families and friends of the victims. We
pray for the swift and safe recovered
recovery of the injured. Horrific crime
reminds us all how easy it is to gain
access to a gun.
Gun violence has scarred so many
neighbors and ripped apart too many
families across this entire country. We
will continue to fight to do all we can
to protect our city. But tonight, we
mourn for those who were killed and we
pray for the families as they go through
this painful moment.
And as I stated,
five innocent people were shot
and the perpetrator
was shot.
We will continue to do what we do as a
city and that's fight to protect
innocent New Yorkers. At this time, I'm
going to turn it over to the police
commissioner of the city of New York,
Commissioner Tish.
Thank you, sir.
The information that I'm about to
provide is preliminary and subject to
change.
At 6:28 p.m., the 911 call center
started receiving multiple 911 calls for
an active shooter inside of 345 Park
Avenue at 52nd Street in Manhattan.
What happened next is under an active
investigation and details are still
coming in, but here's what we know so
far.
Surveillance video shows a male exit a
double parked black BMW on Park Avenue
between 51st and 52nd Streets carrying
an M4 rifle in his right hand. He walks
towards the building's entrance. That
individual was seen exiting the BMW
alone. The building security camera
footage shows the shooter enter the
lobby, turn right, and immediately open
fire on an NYPD officer. He then shoots
a woman who took cover behind a pillar
and proceeds through the lobby, spraying
it with gunfire. He makes his way to the
elevator bank where he shoots a security
guard who was taking cover behind the
security desk. One additional male is
shot in the lobby per his own statement
from the hospital. The shooter then
calls the elevator which opens in the
lobby. A female exits that elevator and
he allows her to walk past him unharmed.
He goes up to the 33rd floor which is
rude management and begins to walk the
floor firing rounds as he traveled. One
person was struck and killed on that
floor. He then proceeds down a hallway
and shoots himself in the chest.
In total, we have five victims shot, our
officer, and four other innocent
civilians, plus the shooter.
The shooter is believed to be Shane
Tamora, a 27year-old male with a Las
Vegas address. The vehicle he exited is
registered in Nevada to Mr. Tamora.
Inside of that vehicle, officers found a
rifle case with rounds, a loaded
revolver, ammunition, and magazines, a
backpack, and medication prescribed to
Mr. Tamura. The vehicle was searched by
our bomb squad and found to be clear of
any explosives.
The initial investigation shows that Mr.
Tomorrow's vehicle traveled cross
country through Colorado on July 26th,
then Nebraska and Iowa on July 27th, and
then in Colombia, New Jersey as recently
as 4:24 p.m. today. The vehicle entered
New York City shortly thereafter.
According to our law enforcement
partners in Las Vegas, Mr. Tamura has a
documented mental health history. His
motives are still under investigation
and we are working to understand why he
targeted this particular location.
345 Park Avenue is a commercial office
building whose tenants include the NFL,
Ruden Management, KPMG, and Blackstone.
At this time, four of the five victims
are deceased, including our NYPD cop.
Our officer was transported here to New
York Presbyterian along with one male
civilian, the lone shooting survivor who
is in critical but stable condition at
this time.
Two other civilians, one male and one
female, both deceased, were brought to
Belleview. The fourth civilian is a
female who was found dead on the 33rd
floor of the location.
Additionally, there are four other
victims being treated for minor injuries
sustained in their attempts to flee the
scene. Victim's names are being withheld
at this time pending family
notification.
Officers from our special operations
division are currently conducting a
secondary sweep of the entire building.
I want to be very clear. We believe this
to be a lone shooter and there is no
longer an active threat to the public.
But today, four innocent victims are
dead. Among them is NYPD police officer
Daru Islam. 36 years old with four years
on the job. Officer Islam was married
with two young boys. His wife is
pregnant with their third child. He's
assigned to the 47 precinct in the
Bronx. He was doing the job that we
asked him to do. He put himself in
harm's way. He made the ultimate
sacrifice. Shot in cold blood, wearing a
uniform that stood for the promise that
he made to this city. He died as he
lived, a hero.
I want to extend my profound sympathies
to all of the victims and their families
and to the brave NYPD cops who today
lost a brother. There are still many
questions that we have to answer and we
will answer them. But for now, our city
is in mourning for the innocent lives
lost. May their memories be a blessing.
Patrick
Hendry, president of the PBA.
This is a a devastating night for our
city, for our police department.
Pure evil
came to the heart of our city
and struck
innocent people
and one of our police officers who were
protecting those people. We lost four
people tonight in our hero brother
who gave his life for this city.
He was a hardworking police officer who
was proud, we know from hearing from his
family, to put on that uniform and
shield of a New York City police officer
every day and went out and did his job.
And he went out every single day to
provide for his family, whether it was
overtime or whatever he had to do to
provide for this family. That's what he
did on a daily basis. and his family
is devastated.
A wife
losing a a husband who provided for that
family,
a father
who's not going to see his son again.
And our hearts of every New York City
police officer right now is hurting.
We're hurting for our brother police
officer who we lost. We're hurting
for that family. We're hurting for all
the victims and hurting for all the
families of the victims. And we're all
asking
why. Why did pure evil come here?
And we know our police department and
our law enforcement partners
will work tirelessly to get those
answers.
But now our job as police officers is to
be there for this family to support them
in any way that we can to come together
as a city to be there for these families
of the victims. And we will continue to
do that because that's what New York
City police officers do. And we're going
to continue as police officers to go out
and protect this city because we know
that evil can strike at any time. But
police officers are willing to risk
their lives to protect everyone in this
room and protect everyone in this city.
So we ask all New Yorkers to pray for
our police officers family, to pray
for all the victims and their families.
And we need to stand united going
forward.
We thank you for covering this story.
We are also joined by our federal
partners uh from the ATF and the FBI. I
want to give an opportunity to
our partner in the FBI, a special agent
in charge of New York City fields
office, uh Chris Rya.
>> Thank you, Mayor. Um, first off, on
behalf of all the men and women of the
FBI, I'd like to extend my deepest
condolences to the victims uh of this
senseless tragedy. Uh, and also
personally, I want to extend my
condolence to the police commissioner.
Um, and just please know, ma'am, and and
Mr. Mayor, that you have the full force
of FBI New York and the full force of
FBI to get to the bottom of the answers.
Upon learning of the incident this
evening, FBI agents immediately deployed
to the scene to assist our NYPD
partners.
While this remains an NYPD
investigation, the FBI's New York office
stands ready to provide any and all
resources to our assist to assist our
partners.
Initial checks of our internal systems
have not revealed any information about
the subject, but when and if more
information becomes available, we will
share what we can when we can with the
public. Thank you.
>> Okay, we're going to do some on topic
questions, folks. Start with CNN,
please.
>> Just a quick question about the police
officer. When he was sitting in the
lobby, did he have a chance to
weapon at the shooter
and also when the shooter got to the
floor approximately how many people were
on that floor and what were they doing?
>> All of this information is under active
investigation. Uh videos are being
reviewed and as this investigation
continues to unfold we'll be able to
answer those questions but right now
it's an active investigation.
Miles Blooper, uh, Commissioner, if you
could just talk about he was working a
paid detail there for people who might
not know what that means. And, uh, was
he the only officer working that paid
detail there?
>> Um, I believe that there were two
officers in the building working pay
detail assignments in different parts of
the building.
>> And what is that? People, you know, may
say he's on his day off working in
uniform. Uh, paid detail is a program
that we have set up at the police
department that allows companies to hire
uh officers in uniform um to provide
extra uniform security.
Commission, did she based on interviews
with witnesses? Did she say anything at
all? And secondly, did you leave behind
any manifesto, any writings?
>> Um, I already described what we found in
the vehicle and it's um too early in the
investigation to discuss anything more.
>> Thank you. Is there any indication that
he had any prior connection to New York
or to the real estate industry? I
believe that's the business.
>> As I said, too early in this
investigation to tell, but nothing that
we have seen preliminarily.
>> Commissioner, can you talk about what
the medication was that was found in the
vehicle?
>> I cannot.
>> Can you speak about any prior law
enforcement uh contact you may have had?
>> I cannot other than to say that um our
partners in Las Vegas made us aware of a
mental health history.
Just what I said already, it was uh an
M4 rifle and we also found um a revolver
in the vehicle with ammunition and
magazines.
>> He did have a license uh in the state of
Nevada.
one. Was there any intelligence
indicating that this location was at
risk beforehand? And are you considering
attack?
>> At this time, uh, it's too early in the
investigation to tell.
>> Thank you everyone.
>> All right. this press briefing uh just
wrapping up here on the back of this
deadly shooting at the Blackstone Tower
in Midtown Manhattan. What we are
learning this evening is that five
people are dead, including a New York
City police officer and the suspected
gunman died of a selfinflicted wound.
Now, the shooter has been identified as
27year-old Shane Tamura from Nevada. We
just heard from the New York PD's
commissioner Jessica Tish there saying
uh they believe that this is a lone
shooter here and New York City Mayor
Eric Adams and city officials uh they're
talking about this tragedy uh in Midtown
Manhattan there. So surveillance video
did show a male exit a carrying this M4
rifle. He entered into this lobby of
this building that houses the likes of
Blackstone, the NFL, KPMG, and
immediately shoots a New York PD officer
and proceeds to spray gunshots before
calling the elevator and firing rounds
on the 33rd floor. Tonight, they are
still working on a motive, but that is
the latest that we're getting from this
deadly shooting in Midtown Manhattan
tonight. We're going to continue to
chase and see what happens here, but
please keep it here. Putting more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
President Trump says he will shorten his
timeline for Russian leader Vladimir
Putin to reach a truce with Ukraine or
face potential economic penalties.
I'm going to make a new deadline of
about 10 uh 10 or 12 days from today.
There's no reason in waiting.
There's no reason in waiting. It's 50
days. I want to be generous, but uh we
just don't see any progress being made.
It would be uh sanctions and maybe uh
tariffs, secondary tariffs.
John Herskovitz, our East Asia
government editor, is with us right now
from Tokyo to talk us through John the
specific details of this plan uh to
punish Russia um if it doesn't come fly.
>> Sure. What Trump has floed before are
secondary tariffs going after the people
who buy the countries who buy Russian
oil. Uh the biggest purchasers are
countries like India, um China and
Turkey. So it would be finding ways to
punish these countries that that
purchase the oil and also perhaps going
after some of the Russian facilities,
the ships, the um the places that make
the oil and also see if they if the US
can get involved in the financial
transactions that are part of this. And
the one thing about this is um these are
the secondary so-called secondary
sanctions are very difficult to enforce
and they also interfere could interfere
with trade negotiations that are going
on with India and China. So timeline is
shortened. It's shown increased
frustration. It's this diplomatic and
economic pressure that Trump is trying
to apply. The US Congress, specifically
the Senate, is looking at doing
something similar to increase the
economic pressure. So these the tariffs
could go as high as 100%. We have the
shorter timeline and it's a little bit
of extra oomph from Trump trying to get
Putin to change
>> and will he is the question. John, I
mean what has Putin done in response and
how likely and how will Russia likely
react?
>> Sure. We haven't had an official
response yet to the latest move by
Trump. And um since Trump first
announced the 50-day deadline for uh for
the for the ceasefire, Russia has
responded by increasing its attacks on
Ukraine. It seems that Russia feels that
it can um withstand anything that Trump
can do that it doesn't see as the US
being thoroughly committed to making
good on its threats. and it's um it has
maintained its hard fast uh ideas when
it comes to Ukraine about keeping the
territory um seeking a change of
government and the um we haven't seen
any real indication that Putin is going
to back away from this war or accept a
ceasefire.
>> All right, John, thank you. John
Herskovitz, our East Asia government
editor with the latest. Uh we are just
getting a tweet or I should say a post
uh from the president uh on the back
what we're hearing here uh is about this
whole US China of course trade
discussions that are going on for a
second day. So uh the president is
saying this now this evening the fake
news is reporting that I am seeking a
summit with President Xi of China. That
is not correct. He says I am not seeking
anything. I may go to China but it only
be an invitation of President Xi which
has been extended otherwise no interest.
So, we're still trying to clarify
whether it was an invitation from the
Chinese side of things, but yes, here we
are hearing that, you know, maybe the
summit will may not take place after
all. But we have seen efforts from the
Trump administration at least to try to
smooth their way into getting some sort
of summit between the two presidents.
>> Yeah. And you know, some of the some of
the conditions that were not even cons
being considered a few months ago were
are are certainly now on the table,
right? I know we've talked at length
about the uh you know the chip curbs
being relaxed in China and everything in
between. So it does seem things are
pointing in that direction.
>> Uh but as Ivon was just pointing out
there, it's unclear whether a formal
invitation from the Chinese side has
actually been extended
>> uh to to the US president. The US
president has certainly suggested that
an invitation had been given by
President Xi here.
>> Yep. So we'll update you once we get a
bit more clarity on that front there.
But that is what the president is saying
here this evening in the US. Let's hook
the boards and really talk about what
we've been talking about, right? Um the
whole market impact of this global trade
war and what pres the president has
unleashed in April really shook investor
confidence in the US economy. So much
that has sparked a stampede out of the
dollar and much of that money has washed
up in developing economies. We're seeing
a bit of a reversal of that of late. But
let's bring in Marcus Wong. He is EM
macro strategist and joins us from
Singapore. markets. You take a look at
how EM equities have done. I mean, it's
up 17% in dollar terms this year and
really about to double the advance that
we're seeing in the S&P 500.
>> Do you really see something different
this time around? Is this really a once
in a generation opportunity?
>> Yeah, I mean that's a term that's been
thrown about quite a bit. Um I think
it's also recognition that you know from
you know 2010 to around 2023 was really
the loss decade for emerging markets. a
decade we saw um you know returns dismal
returns especially relative to the S&P
500 um we saw quite a few EM bonds um
bond shops shutter um as well as you
know quite a lot of outflows from EM
funds in a sense um but you know this
this has really been quite a seismic
change um as you mentioned after the
April 2nd uh liber liberation day when
people started to really question US
exceptionalism and the dollarization
concerns really escalated um so
essentially the nutshell the nut the nut
the nutshell of this is A dollar is is
just great for emerging markets. Um
firstly you know a weaker dollar is
allows um you know debt denominate
foreign debt for this for young
countries to improve. So i.e. better
external balances um you know a falling
dollar essentially is good for the
dollar carry trade and this has also
been accompanied by a foreign dollar
volatility. So the dollar funded EM
carry has been on a tear. Um in addition
to that you know we've also seen EM
local currency bonds um come about as
quite a favorite among a lot of fundies
that we spoke to uh essentially because
you know a weaker dollar means stronger
EM currencies and this has allowed you
know a lot of central banks especially
those in Asia to cut rates and last but
not least as of course if a dollar
funded investor a fall in the dollar is
just good returns uh good FX returns for
your portfolio.
>> Yeah there we go the the bonuses
um are mounting. Is this a blip in the
matrix is the question. Marcus, thank
you so much. Marcus Wong, there are EM
markets macro strategy. You can check
out for our viewers and Bloomberg
clients of course uh and a big take for
the full detailed piece uh on this once
in a generation really uh occurrence
that's taking place here uh in these
markets. Something that doesn't also
happen very often. In fact, the first
one this year is this rainstorm warning.
It's the highest rainstorm warming that
we're seeing in Hong Kong and really
effectively shutting down the city and
twice really in a week after what we've
been talking about here last couple
days. This typhoon that happened over
the weekend as well. 100 millimeters of
hourly rainfall has been posted. That's
it for us for the China show. Stay dry.